Adds option to run a script in background before workload execution (#866)
kube-burner/kube-burner: docs/reference/configuration.md

| `maxWaitTimeout`             | Maximum wait timeout per namespace                                                                                                    | Duration | 4h       |
| `jobIterationDelay`          | How long to wait between each job iteration. This is also the wait interval between each delete operation                             | Duration | 0s       |
| `jobPause`                   | How long to pause after finishing the job                                                                                             | Duration | 0s       |

> | `beforeExecution`              | Allows to run a bash script in the background before the workload starts                                                                            | String   | ""       |

Reviewer: Please align this line the the surroundings

> | `beforeCleanup`              | Allows to run a bash script before the workload is deleted                                                                            | String   | ""       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `beforeCleanup`              | Allows to run a bash script in foreground before the job is deleted                                                                            | String   | ""       |
```

Author: Updated as suggested.
